all right
so we
have this thing
now which is pretty freaking cool
actually
um we just need
to build
it so I'm going to mount the second
motor
now and then we're going to hook it up
and see if we can actually run it CU I
think we probably won't be able to
there's just so much
friction that it might not even work
okay so two is enough that's that's I'm
not going to worry about the other
two
um okay now I just got to get the wires
that I forgot upstairs for
the
power for the uh
Motors let's H up all this stuff
though
okay you know what let's take a moment
let's take a
moment there's nothing like
it oh yeah I wanted to look up what are
the most common
bearing because I feel like I need
better like I'm going to do another
redesign and in the next redesign I'm
not going I'm going to finally get rid
of the penises I'm going to finally get
rid of these stupid freaking pillars
listen to the sound this
makes uh it's just
terrible and then there's actually a
critical thing that I forgot to do which
is I forgot to fasten
this top plate and the bottom plate in a
way that it prevents it from falling off
so in the cad model this it's like a
totally it's like a broken design it
just like doesn't work so I need to edit
the cad model and there's a couple of of
uh changes that I want to
make um well there's there's two changes
really that I have the first is the
um is is adding this Bolt and the second
is they're on the bearing holder these
are a little bit more inward than
the than the
um uh motor side and it means that if
you want to install this you have to put
the bolts on before you attach the top
plate to the bottom gear to the the gear
in there I don't know if you can see
that gear just because of how close it
is you can't really get your fingers in
there so to just improve assembly and
disassembly you know I'm going to do
that then
here we need
to put this in and I'm worried about
this to be
honest
because
[Music]
um oh um okay we going to move this over
a little bit and we need to push this
out a little bit okay there we go now
the gears are
meshing oh okay wait hold on let's
see much clearance we're going to
need damn
it yeah we want it to
okay let's pull it out a little bit more
oh I need to go get something from the
printer look it this thing is just going
to fall
out okay that's not so bad
damn now this is too far out so need to
push this
back okay there we
go just the E centricity of this
gear is we need to make these gears
thicker so we're going to have to do a
little bit of redesigning there we need
more clearance for the bolts
um away from the gear and then we want
to make the gear thickness five which we
can do actually because I realized that
this little spacer that I added um let
me go to the fusion
model this little spacer I added is
totally worthless like we don't need it
it's not there for
anything and then this is too close to
the Gear so what we need to do is we
need to probably move this a millimeter
that
way um which if I actually look at this
I'm I'm curious to
see we have literally plenty of room
like these hex nuts go way deep in there
so this part can totally be changed and
we have probably three or four more
millimeters of clearance so this thing
is a chunky boy for no
reason
um so we fix that okay so there's three
things to fix let me write these all
down and then after we fix them and get
it all reprinted out I'm going to
uh probably try to redesign this using
barings and I want to buy a slip ring
cuz I really think full 360 would just
be so
sweet okay so CAD to do is
Bolt through top bot
plate it I got this suggestion from my
dad and honestly it works pretty well I
was thinking of adding like walls to it
but then that just adds way more
friction so this is definitely the
better
solution
um okay then we need to move a bearing
holder
out um and that's just a matter of
changing a
couple
sketches
um uh
fix
the fix uh pitch uh small gear
Hub uh make
[Music]
gears uh 5 mm thick oh that's going to
be really a pain in the ass because um
you can't edit oh you know I can't edit
editing the gear thickness is actually
sort of like the one thing that's like
decently um parametric the other
stuff seems harder to edit so we can do
that and then um so I need to get my
thing off the printer and reinstall this
which means taking all this out which is
a pain in the butt but at least then I
can go through and walk through the
assembly process so that it's at least
documented um cuz I did this all last
night very
late uh what else do we need we need
those wires and my wire cutters
okay okay so let's get on get on with
it okay let's
just uh what is the right way to do this
the right way to do this is probably you
take off the middle
bolt okay now this thing comes out okay
so I had a bolt under
there or nuts under there that held it
in okay
now what we want to do is
unscrew the gear well actually you know
I can we get it out no but I don't need
to do it anyways so let's
um so here since we're doing assembly
I'd rather have this full actually wait
can I do
this okay
okay so now this gear is
separated and
then I need to get that Mallet too to
hammer this stuff
in okay another this
honestly it's still held in there pretty
well not great but pretty well okay so I
broke this I didn't actually changed the
design I literally just reprinted it
we're going to see if it breaks again
then I'll add a little more clearance or
something I don't know learning how to
do this press fit bearing thing I can
see being kind of
unsuccessful if it just keeps
breaking oh and then here's a very
interesting thing that happened so since
we needed to drill a center hole um you
can see these lines on here what we did
is we used a a
um a protractor and found the center
using geometry which was very rewarding
actually um and it it worked pretty well
um okay so Mallet new print wires I'll
be back I'll be
back
for
for for
okay we have what we
need to get this thing
working okay so
all right I'm going to use the Mallet
I'm going to do it on
here and on the plastic
okay I don't want to break it like last
time so I don't want to hit it too hard
I'm wondering if I got the clearance
wrong on this this thing is such a tight
fit well it didn't break so we are good
all
right good
stuff now we just have to do this whole
freaking reassembly thing which is kind
of a pain to be
honest um so
here this goes
in this goes in here hand tighten
it just needs to be hand tighten it
really doesn't take that much
force where's my here it
is
okay now we just need to and then this
is another really annoying part is
getting these stupid self-tapping screws
lined
up it's like really annoying
alas okay so the way I do this is I kind
of just feel around for
it it's literally the most brain dead
thing you could possibly think of
okay there it
is hold that in
place oh it's a little bit
there we go there we go okay now that
you have it
you do it before
you lose it and then this one and then
you sort of have to come out and do it
again so that it's
flush okay so now this one
this is so weaking
annoying there we
go
okay okay so now these are
s in
here all
right yeah we need to make this gear
thicker
there's so much
wobble it's actually crazy how much
wobble there is I don't know what that's
from but it is
not let's see if I can get that on
camera okay so line it up like that okay
so it looks
straight and then you see that look how
much it's wobbling
see it's it's straight it's dead on you
can't see anything and then I turn it
and look how wobbled it is
now oh my God that's brutal
I don't know what I can do to mitigate
that I mean let me just try tightening
these really cranking them
down problem is it's so hard to freaking
get in here
should I just take it out it doesn't
really help me that much well it does
okay so let's just try the thing is I
don't think it's due
to wait I'm going to take it out and
just see if it lies flat cuz I feel like
that's
not I feel like it's bent
which
actually will be improved if I make the
gear thicker because it just won't creep
as much it won't def permanently
deform under stress cuz it's just
stronger so we
will definitely do that did I do
that
yeah I put that on the to-do list
it's crazy how much time just assembly
eats up you sit here screwing things
forever okay Moment of Truth
here it does lie flat actually
I'm kind of surprised about
that okay well that's
good and then linting this one up is
actually easy because since
it's
through you can turn it until you see
light coming through which is really
nice
so I'm just going to try to really clamp
it
down oh yeah okay
all right
let's see let's see if clamping it down
a little
bit that is so bad I don't know
what maybe it's the pillar sagging or
something I mean it is like really
dramatic see let's get this lined up
like that I mean yeah already you just
see it's
brutal maybe I should just do this first
well I really want to try it I at least
want to try it put with this together
and just to see if the motors can
actually move the thing at
all wait why did I do
that
okay so we're going to put on um this
thing can't believe I just grabbed
that okay oh wait we want to tighten
this the right
way okay so we
have this I'm clamp that
down okay I'm just going to hand tighten
it I don't need any more than
that okay
okay we just need to push it a little
bit this
way okay oh my God there's just so much
I think it's I think it might be a
backlash thing
too I mean no it's okay it's a bunch of
things
there's so much friction it's kind of
insane and there's nothing to align this
so it's like
whatever okay but this feels pretty easy
to move this one so let's uh get this
thing back
together
um jeez gez Louise bro gez
Louise
so
whatever so now we're going to put a
bolt through both
plates oh yeah that's angled man that's
no
good it'll be better when it when we add
it in CAD can you see that let's
see uh it's hard to tell but there's a I
definitely did not drill it straight
down
is definitely kind of a
problem okay and you don't want it to
really be tight you just want to make
sure it doesn't fall off and then I do
two so that that one doesn't come off
and that's pretty safe and then I just
put this Nylock on
because I don't want to lose it
okay the freaking jankiest pan
tilt system you've ever seen
man yeah okay whatever
that's so
[__] okay so I'm not even going to
test this top part cuz it it's just
clearly going to
stall
um let us now take our uh RedBoard which
is the Raspberry Pi Pico and two motor
drivers um we just
I wonder if I could solder a couple of
headers in there onto these wires so
they don't keep coming
out that's not a bad
idea that's for later though okay
so I need to cut more wires this is the
least fun part of this
thing okay so we need two black
okay
um I always forget oh wait I can just
check
this blue red so we need the two red red
we have both
Blues
red
red we need a
green we need two
blacks we
go and then we need uh the greens wait
no okay I think we're
good oh I I need a trash
can
okay for
okay
so
blue
red the hell going in there there we go
blue red
green
black okay
blue
red
green
um
black all right so now we just need to
hook these
up and I forget which is which this one
goes to the pin
16 and 17 so that is the Y so the
yah black to
black green to Green it's actually true
if if I soldered it together it would
be
[Music]
better I could use little outdoor
soldering I love
soldering
okay black green red blue
perfect black
green
red
blue okay see that's what I mean is they
just come
out okay well they're in for right
now but it is so annoying to like
constantly worry about if something's
not working just cuz you're
cables um okay now we have our power
supply power
supply
ground and
19 volts okay so what else do we need we
need the code so we need oh yeah I
wanted to try this
um okay guys I got something [__]
hype for you oh wait is that how that
works I have to
okay
[Music]
um okay I
um I found a what is it called it's
called I start it yesterday on GitHub I
think it's called Pico W go micro
Pico why can't they control a this what
the
fck this is so
sick then I don't have to use freaking
th with its awful awful text editing I
mean look
th sure a lot of work went into it but
it's just
like it's just like what's the point you
know okay so wait how do
I how do I do it that's the
issue I don't like that it shows all
these Networks
oh but that's so cool that it shows its
signal strength I love that I don't know
why that's so nice to me but I like
that but
um how do we use
it I thought something was supposed to
show
up password is required to connect to
Wi-Fi yeah how do I do it tell me bro
oh wait here we
go connection to board
established your board must be connected
to Wi-Fi for this feature to
work
um okay it's
fine oh wait is this Pico connected I
mean it figured it out that's pretty
sweet oh wait wait can we just get a
blink going
Pico W
blink. um Pico W
blink just give me the code
whatever
huh why is it why is it doing that um
I don't think it is
that I thought I thought that's not true
I don't even know if I'll be able to see
the
uh okay can we run this
thing oh it's blinking cool so there you
go um I love that I can just do this in
sonn now if I control see this does it
kill it
oh I have to click
stop for some reason I
can't I mean that's sick it's so much
better than dude is literally so much
better than um Arduino it's crazy you
can't do that in Arduino and it's like
busted
um I hate that it's adding files to
my oh no it's not what is this
then oh wow it's oh that's how they do
it they set up a workspace that's kind
of a weird
thing what
happened e
yeah
e
e e
okay so I think we're ready to power it
on um I think I want to start out
with
pitch see if that's in in frame
uh let
see I have this crop on here but kind of
hate it I used to do this background
removal thing
but whatever
um let me just get it working okay so
this is going to be Pico back and forth
and we're just going to change this to
be um
let's see I got to go to the Pico W pin
out
again
uh
now okay so it's um 18 and
19 and I forget which is which but we'll
just
18 n
19 and then uh
delay time 300 micros seconds that's
fine then we don't well I can do that
that's fine and then this is actually
just 200 now so wait so let's run
this okay so it should be good and now
we're going to turn it
on okay so let's um
switch these and see if it
works no so it's definitely the other
way
around so this is stalling so let's
um wa wait I want to run it one more
time there's just way too much friction
in this system it's even worse than it
was before
okay that is just brutal
man it really can't move it at all at
least before I
could okay let's turn this off
it's not even that hard to move
man at least in this
Zone come on dude this
sucks wow that's
brutal that's so disheartening okay so
then we want to change this to um
16 and
17 and let's only
do yeah let's make it if
it's let's say let's just say it's
um
90 okay so then we're going to stop
we're going to
reset we're going to run
it oh you got to be kidding me
all right well I don't want to stall the
motors
so God
damn
e
e e
I feel like what I might want to do is
come up with a little gear test thing
and just see
if if a motor can
drive a gear train at all cuz I feel
like a lot of the friction is coming
from the fact that maybe these are like
pushed together and so they're kind of
locked and so there isn't enough
backlash I don't really want to change
too many variables at once
but all right I think we should hop into
Cad and make the
changes um that I have down
here
uh I'm so disappointed man I I
redesigned this whole thing and it
just I thought it would be easy for this
thing to move it but it just doesn't
have the
torque I'm so surprised
though it's literally worse than the
other one
these cables man these freaking cables
okay so this is
how so need it oh we kind of did it yeah
I kind of installed it backwards because
you sort of want both well actually no
I'm
stupid okay
I don't know man what what can I
do maybe you do need to
add a little bit of clearance
where cuz let me look at the see how are
they meshing
he e
um for
it doesn't even feel like it takes that
much force to to move this I'm like so
disappointed in oh God the crows are
here
bro these crows so
anyways
what is collide
it's hitting the
bolt
e e
I just don't really understand the
bearing
design let me try to pull up a picture
of that
design I want to look up
that design is can delevered that's kind
of an
interesting none of them use a well this
is kind of a lazy season but I don't
know how they what are the most common
bearings
what
609 no I need something
bigger 6202
it inner diameter is
about 1 and 1 half times that's still
not that much clearance I was kind of
hoping for
like
30 I have a feeling these are going to
be
expensive what was it 6 uh
34 it's a two pack and it's $12
let me see okay so if I disable
this then I
look
um e
okay here's the design that I was
recommended and uh so let's just go
through it so you have the base then you
have a slip ring that allows you to get
a cable up to the top then you
have I don't really understand what what
this shape is but then you have two bear
bearings and then you have a notch here
so that when you press fit the bearings
they go exactly so that they're flush
then you have this sort of canal levered
motor which honestly this needs to be
reinforced cuz this thing is so heavy
that it'll just
sag
um but whatever and then you have the
gear which is
nice I like this design actually I just
worry about
oh I guess what I'm worried about is Sag
because the okay because on the top of
here on this side there's going to be a
big motor pushing a big Force down this
way down this way
so this is going to like raise up
presumably yeah so you want to make this
distance between these two bearings as
tall as
possible so that it has a big
lever so that sag it doesn't really
sag
um whoa that was a close call put my
coffee down here
okay
um all right so I think we should just
hop into
Cad and finish this design
okay so right so um all right so's just
start going through them
okay the top plate activate
it I think that this is a construction
line I don't think
I oh wait no I think that is actually in
there but I think I want to Del wait no
I don't want to delete it I want to make
it construction
though um okay now we need a circle and
we want to make this yeah 10 that sounds
good oh wait
no
15.4 is that a rad that's a diameter
uh quarter inch in
millimeters six oh that's kind of
small let's just do
10 um I
mean yeah let's just do 10 and then in
the
Extrusion oh sheesh what happened
happened
wait I hate when it does that okay so
wait I want more info on
this oh yeah yeah it's a joint issue
right I should have just left that s
that
Circle wait no wait can't I just use the
other
Circle what I'm in the spur
gear um
I don't think I need that though
right if I look from the
top can I just delete
this oh no yeah see this
is this is the
[Music]
problem okay
right so
it's wait what the hell is going on
here um I don't understand what that
indentation
is are these not even
okay so we need to look at this spur
gear and then the top
plate hide
this hide the Yol
okay so we need to draw a sketch
here uh yeah we'll just draw a sketch
here and extrude it to the other
side so we have this and we made it 10
okay and then is this
um okay I'm going to extrude this to
here okay that's good now we need to
activate the bottom
plate where's the bottom
plate we need to turn off this okay now
we need to draw a sketch on
here or actually what we could do is um
I'm pretty
sure that I can just put it
here finish this
sketch go to this
thing oh this is this is the problem is
anytime you go
back why is the circular I don't
understand why the circular pattern
is e
okay um
okay so let's see what else broke when I
did
that why does it keep alt tabbing me
it's so annoying
okay so it's just these
joints the top plate the top plate I
thought this is a
gear I'm pretty sure this is the
gear I'm pretty sure I want
this and I just flip it then can we get
the top plate on
say
Okay okay so that
worked then what is this joint top plate
and bottom
plate I think that's
okay all right so I think we've
rebuilt okay so what did we change we
added through whole
bolting top and bottom plate okay so now
what we want to do is we want to insert
a
Fastener and this is just a hex bolt
okay and then this needs to
go
okay
okay so uh that's fine
okay so um all right so we did this now
we need to move the bearing holder
right so we need to access the top plate
again and
instead so I actually want to
delete
these and then I want to take these two
and mirror them
is that going to be
okay yeah that's
okay cuz you just rotate it
okay then this
Extrusion are there only two no
wait what oh that's the Extrusion amount
but these are six MS
right that's
okay so now we need to
activate pitch bearing
holder change this
sketch make
this
45 make it 50
and then this
Extrusion see what's going on here is
the
question that Extrusion is fine wait no
do we draw the circles over it
okay can you edit this you can't really
edit
this and then what joint is top plate
oh I think it's because it refers to
that
pole okay so what we should
do can you redo
the oh
yeah so I'm going to just delete
the selft oh wait no not self
tapping but it doesn't let you replace
them that's a stupid thing
okay so I'm just going to delete this
feature delete both the group and its
contents okay so now we're going to
insert Fastener again
then what do we see we need this one
needs to be
okay so um move bearing holder out
okay so that's done we just need to fix
this
joint and we just want to I think we
just want to do an as built
joint but whatever since we already have
this here I don't really
care yeah so it's that oh [__] cancel
that okay so hide the top plate oh wait
we have the top plate can I see
what is selected
there so wait let me hide the top
plate God I hate this thing
sometimes it's got to be that right
okay oh my God
no um [__] was that this
joint I can't believe I just did that
it's so [__] annoying
okay why isn't
it
oh okay very
good okay do we have any more warnings
no okay so this
um bearing holder moved out
okay and then we need to fix we need to
fix both all both of these hubs need to
be
changed okay so I think that the five Ms
is actually fine
this Extrusion is fine it's basically
only the
depth let me disable bottom
plate and
stepper and fasteners
okay so can I how do I view
normal is there a way
to whatever
so this is right there's four Extrusions
in this whole
thing so
then right so this only needs to be
like- 7 or
something let's see do I did I
oh is there a concern though of
um going too
low because the you want to hit the you
want to get the flat of the shaft
okay what did I um I think it's seven so
that means
that let's just move it down by uh let's
move it up by uh two so let's make this
minus
[Music]
8 I don't know why we computed always
takes me out it's so all right so now I
need to look at this part though
because okay it looks good sometimes
there's a weird thing when you edit
these okay so I'm down I'm down with
that now what we want to
do is
activate this Burg here
and we need to change
this
um the depth of the thing is going to
be so first
off that's a
five
and I'm pretty sure that's a
five okay then what we can do is we can
actually make this Extrusion 2 mm less
we're going to make this
12 and then we are going to make this
extr wait this
Extrusion where is the
thing I can't tell oh yeah then we're
going to make this two less
okay um so we're making this minus
um okay so cool the joint is still good
wait but if we
uh let's see can we get a crosssection I
think we have a
crosssection okay so I want to know
where the flat of this thing is
the distance from here to here is
seven okay and this is five so this goes
to here so we actually have even a
little bit more room so I'm going to
even make that more aggressive I'm going
to make that like Min - 6
minus s I'm just going to do one more
millimeter so that's this Extrusion
right cuz we can't go too
far right that looks pretty
good okay now we need to adjust the
other gear so let's turn on the yoke
and I think the Yol since it's its own
assembly well we could do an edit in
place but
basically well we could just make this
bigger we could just make this thickness
of
this why can't I activate this thing
dude it's so so I I'm ready to switch
the on shape to be
honest th gear
and then
update
okay all right so we did the
um the changes
so um this is a milestone is
basically bug fixes
um
H brutal okay should I do this um
okay let me try to
let me try to whip up a
design so it's going to
be the
motor with a
gear um
and we could just do a simple
rectangular tabletop type of
thing and
then here there's
a OD so like 22
millim slot for a
bearing and then
the
inner here wait let's make this a little
bit
higher has a
gear okay
and that gear just has a
little notch on
it okay let me try to CAD that up
basically this will allow
me to just test these gears to see if it
can just move the gear with no load on
it because right now I don't really have
a good way of doing that I mean I'm
honestly really surprised that this that
the pitch assembly doesn't
work but so now I'll be able
to but the thing that you would
want in a holder like this is the
ability to use to like sort of place the
gears
anywhere so that you could test lots of
different gear ratios and stuff like
that for right now I just want to solve
a specific problem which
is can I get this to
work
um if it was a black backlash problem I
that would be fantastic
okay um all right so we're going to
we're going to CAD that out get that
printed all right I'll be back in a
minute
e
e e
all right let's do this
thing
um honestly I feel
like
uh I'm trying to figure out if I can
just use the bottom plate
like if I just added um
if I just add a couple
of okay wait I just want to see can it
turn it with literally just the
uh Jesus these [__] spammers
um I just want to
turn yeah I just want to turn this
one so let's run
this turn this on
that's insane there's just no way that's
accurate oh
wait make it increase the
delay oh increasing the delay worked a
lot actually
right because there's a speed twk
curve if you look up these hold on if
you look up Nemo
Motors um let's see which ones I
specifically got I bought
these now let's go to this step run line
okay oh wow they're marked
up but uh by a lot
oh yeah okay right that makes sense
that's so crazy we need more
manufacturing like PCB way needs to open
up a freaking okay wait this is the
decover I think this is the one that I
have and um so if we look at the
specifications I think they have like
a torque curve yeah okay wait let's look
at the let's look at this and let's look
at
this
so
um I feel like it actually makes sense
just put it in Fusion models which is in
um what is in
MK oh that's no no I don't want to put
it there
okay so let's
open okay these are just
drawings this is
the
okay and then oh wait and then torque
curve what is PPS frequenc
pull out
Tor
so okay so maybe I U maybe let's see
what delay I
had okay so actually we do have a way
of doing this
okay so wait actually
though we should get these printed cuz
there's nothing on the printer right now
so I'm going
to take this part what parts do we
modify I'm not going to print this again
because I'm not going to print the top
plate again but I am going to print this
again and where are we putting this V2
3D phone tracker
V2 SP and then
this oh yeah and we need to name
it this is the pitch
one oh wait
um let's do
V2 I don't know why but I want to save
all the meshes I feel like that's
actually stupid cuz you can go back and
get them
but whatever
um and then this
one this needs to be
yah
B2 totally stupid naming schemes but um
okay so we just want to reprint those
two things and we also want to
reprint this
gear in the yoke
oh yeah right you can't do it unless you
have this open so we've thickened this
so now we should be able to just do save
as
mesh this is pitch or this is
pitch
B2 okay so
now
let's um
get
this pitchburg your
V2 this and yper your
V2 okay so all we did was we moved it up
for better so that the bolts don't
Collide as much
okay all right um and actually what is
the difference between these can you
tell yeah one's taller than the
other and I don't think we changed this
Extrusion height right so if we were to
look
at this spur gear
21 I think that's
um yeah I think we're
good so um wait can we we probably have
support okay we have disabled
okay uh so yeah but
now we're going to dis we're going to
take this apart and we're going to see
can it turn the top plate when there's
literally nothing on it because it seems
like it's much stronger actually I want
to make this
even well let's make it like,
1500 okay we're going to run this
thing want to do
this
okay so that's
great why don't I just try wait why
don't I just try
this oh
nice oh sick okay so okay so it was a
delay thing I'm just trying to drive it
too
quickly
okay I'm still pretty sure that there's
no
way that we're going to be able to move
the bottom plate
see what what oh yeah see sometimes it
gets
unseated because of the
freaking oh wow this is really caving
in whoa what happened
here oh
wow yeah the deoration on this thing is
crazy
it's like
melting or
something that is not good
man I could just bend it with my hand we
got to get this thing out of the
heat okay let's put one of them on
that is so much harder to move
than okay well whatever we're going to
try it
out
okay all right so let's um
oh
nice oh nice it's working
delay needs to
be so wait um I want to
okay what do we need to do we need to
change this
to us and then we want this to be
1,500 okay now now and then steps
per okay so that should be good because
that's enough that it's like with the
gear ratio it's it's one rotation but
it's
not okay so let's try to run this
thing oh
baby hell yeah it's
working oh my God
[Music]
working hell yeah hell yeah bro it's
working it's so sick
[Music]
oh I'm so
excited this is [__] hype
[Music]
bro dude take it oh
oh okay you gotta go yeah dude it's
[Music]
working this thing is badass bro all
right let's see if we can do it with a
phone so let's turn this off turn this
off and then we're going to reset it so
that this is at
zero or like
this okay now let's run this [__] again
it's going to drop my phone
[Music]
probably
okay so let's do this like
that okay turn it back
on Jesus why am I getting this wrong so
much okay so the first thing it does is
it moves this
thing back I guess I don't know may oh
maybe it's cuz
[Music]
uh
hell oh yeah man this thing is so
freaking
badass oh this thing is so freaking
badass hell yeah dude it
works I got to send this to my Uncle and
Cousin
I wonder if I can drive it
faster
uh okay
how about faster 500 I feel like 500 is
where it's probably going to start to
tap
out yeah no
way uh so let's do uh
750 interestingly this one's
stalling
850 okay so now let's turn this off okay
so this code works
great uh add some docks
and uh and
increase step delay time for better
torque it stalls at 300 us
okay uh so what do we need to do is
figure out how to do this
concurrently uh let's undo that we need
to figure out how to do this
concurrently
oh okay
okay this is
uh uh
okay so let's try to run this thing I
don't know what's going to
happen oh yeah
[Music]
only take out the movements that's
only one at a time I just want back and
forth concurrent
dude what
like okay whatever let's just do this um
I
think okay wait hold on
so let's just run this
um I mean who really cares
[Music]
n
okay so now we can try to set up the
uh the face tracking
right um
so for face tracking we kind of need to
just hop onto software here
because
um oh wait I need to commit my code I
need to go upstairs and commit my code
really quickly
okay we can we can delete
this add
hell yeah
bro oh [__]
yeah it works I'm so surprised I'm
literally so
surprised for
now
dude Lac up is so
good oh my God this is like the long one
I just want the I just want the
um wait it's on
Spotify bro hell yeah man it's only like
10 hours of work yesterday and we have
this whole
thing [__] yeah
kind of slow these
[Music]
oh
let's see if we can do a full rotation
right
a
he
it's so loud how I mute this thing
[Music]
um let's see let me export it and then
um it's so annoying that I have to do
this
because
whatever I don't really care okay so uh
so uh so let's um let's export this
thing
okay these are all these are both old so
let's do
this oh wait can we
do uh whatever whatever export that then
in here I want to
um take
these move them to
MK can I do that is that going to even
work okay I mean it seems like it moved
it but it didn't some weird [__] is
going
on oh there we go
wait
what why is it called stepper with
joints oh wait did
I
what oh maybe we just didn't
move
Okay add
okay oop yeah
let's um
add link to books or tickets why can't
you just add a URL what the
hell e
bro this thing is so sick
this thing I don't know it's like my
baby now dude this thing is so [__]
cool holy [__] oh
man I do want to rebuild with the uh oh
these are going to take a
while
okay
for
e e
okay so should we redesign this
um
e e
yeah in that dra in this
drawing it looks like the bearings are
huge like to scale the ID of these
bearings is like 50 mm or maybe 40 mm
which is like way bigger
than eight so I just don't
know cuz now there's cuz if this is
really thin then there's a ton of
pressure on the interface between the
gear and the post that that allows this
thing but yeah let me look at slip rings
I do want to
buy a slip ring
wow 300 RPM that's crazy fast I mean
these are pretty expensive like I don't
want to 10 amps this is
huge okay hold
on
e e
yeah I just got a text that you should
not buy parts first and then design
afterwards you should design it and then
buy the parts that fit the
specification these slip rings are
expensive man
full 360 would be so
cool
e
e e
okay so I think I want to do software
now because I did seven hours of CAD
yesterday and I'm not that into doing
more oh yeah so I need to go commit my
code
I will be right
back
e
e e
code
pushed uh so let's open up Android
studio
um okay
so uh my uncle said yeah you would need
bearings with at least a quarter inch
inner diameter one inch would be better
but you won't know until you design it
plastic isn't as strong as aluminum so
your wall thickness of the so the wall
thickness of the rotor that goes in the
ID will be thicker which means less room
for wires you'll figure it out as you do
a complete design and make adjustments
to your individual Parts in your
assembly accordingly
right maybe we will get to it because I
would
really like
to and then
yeah because the pitch assembly is so
big okay well let's uh let's just get
started on doing this so the first thing
we want to do is set up uh the code that
does the web
server so if we go
to controller server so yes we need to
change this this delay time that's
fine
um for
dude chbt is so freaking awesome it's so
annoying to R coulde
like oh wait I just leaked
our oh that
sucks Wi-Fi
password in GitHub
that's not
great okay let's run this
okay
y steps 200 pitcher y oh that's sweet
okay let's just get the IP of this
thing got invalid
command for
um
um there's no micropython library that
helps with this
micro red
Jacks that's so sick
how do I install Yuri
oh yeah this is so
annoying oh
nice dude this is so much so much better
than um
um so wait we can just go back to
this yeah it doesn't know what the hell
it's talking about wow there's so little
micro python code out there that's crazy
ah for
let's just do this
one
run oh wait uh wait invalid
syntax
what line 149
time oh yeah
is that a thing I feel like that's not
going to work either
okay
cool all right let's do this
thing oh yeah
wait tell me what you all I need to go
to now
you mount the pitch motor on the side of
one of the two things you mount
okay uh so okay so okay
let's try
it handle
request
okay oh this is so annoying
whatever whatever
dude this is so much better than
um
Don freaking sucks man okay so we're
ready oh sweet okay I don't know why it
needed to
print okay so let's turn this
on and then let's do this
again nice all right cool there we
go there's no bolt on
here okay is it in
frame all
right
cool um
so uh let's turn this
off is over here and then I kind of want
to know the latency
I could just make it taller if I made it
taller and then put
the uh where's
Fusion if I made this taller and then so
this Gap is way bigger and then I flip
this on the inside we could save a lot
of
space I kind of like that
idea I don't know if I can do that I'm
trying to think yeah I can do that I
just
need a shorter bracket this goes up this
gets flipped
around um we need more mounting holes
here in the center but that's fine or
like off center
maybe but then you would still need
another plate to hold this well actually
no
well no cuz you don't want okay so what
I'm saying is like if this wall is no
not here and it's shorter and it's
flipped around this axis then there's no
pillar here to fit into this that means
that it's can't Del levered off of this
and there's a force of the phone
pressing this gear down into this gear
so there is still some on this shaft you
want to avoid that
probably so that's
not really going to work so I'm trying
to think about how I could
yeah I don't know how to do
that that doesn't seem all that
doable but I I I think there's something
for cuz if we could reduce this radius I
mean I want to get back under 20000 mm
for this uh plate diameter because it's
just so
big it's just so
big okay so this code works so
uh working web
server
working control of Y and Pitch over web
server okay cool
all right I'm going to test this thing
out
so I I only want to move the yaw and I
don't want
to H
right
okay
oh damn this thing is so
warped this is brutal
I can't believe it got so
warped I that is totally
insane look at
this look at this just after a little
bit wait where is it here this thing is
to totally
warped the hell is that I can't even
move it
anymore I don't know how
to I don't know what I'm going to do
about
that the sex spot is going very
well I don't even know how you could use
this as a six
spot I have no
idea um
okay so uh yeah okay so what's going on
right now is we have a web server now
running so I can use an HTTP request to
um control the bot which is
cool uh the issue is it's a little bit
slow I don't know uh let's do this with
python
so
um time it or
yeah yeah okay
uh um
um okay wait
um write a little code that
times how long okay Quest
takes right okay
cool oh did I just stop this no I don't
think I
did okay so
what what the [__]
dude what the actual
[__] dude why is python packaging so ass
wait for some reason
it no I want this
python wait but I don't think this is
going to do I think it's going to give
me the same thing oh never mind
okay that's so cool that's so cool that
you can just select the P I love that I
really really like that
okay that's
brutal I wonder if so the okay wait can
we run it again let's
see okay wait
um refactor
and have it give me stats for 20 Rex
okay see that's brutal
okay so it takes about half a
second should have used rust for
what you can't program a pi
Pico with well actually maybe you
can can I run rust code on that's a good
question can I run write rust to control
my Pi
peo dude that would be sick
I mean the thing that's nice about micro
python though and I really like micro
python is that you can interrupt and
then you can just run repple commands
like the thing that's super annoying
about working with microcontrollers is
that at least in Arduino you have to run
your program and then if you want to
make any changes or check the status of
any variables you have to rewrite the
program and re-upload it whereas here in
micro python you actually get a repple
and I can just type let's see print high
and this
code oh uh is
running on the Pico so to have a repple
way to interact with the microcontroller
is really really useful but I am curious
yes you can write rust code to control
your Pi Pico
W you need some additional tools to
cross compile rust code for the rp240
cargo generate to generate templates
eelf uf2 URS to convert elf files to uf2
files
okay you can start by creating a new
project using a template one popular
template is the
rpal that's so sick
dude configure the uh project for Pico W
the Pico is similar to the Pico with
Wi-Fi equable you'll need to modify the
Project's configuration to ensure it's
targeting the correct microcontroller
wow but look at how much code it takes
to Blink oh but this is like just boiler
plate this actually ends up being pretty
simple convert the does it does this do
the upload
too all right I I am going to try to get
blink working with rust to the pic cuz
that sounds
fun if you want to use the Wi-Fi
feates of the Pico you can explore
libraries like embedded
now or directly interface with the
Pico's Wi-Fi module I don't know how I
would do
that oh I guess I already had this
starred but I never tried
it okay we're going to try to get blink
working just for
fun um okay so let's do this thing so we
need to Cargo install both of these
things
um that would be so sick I mean it's not
like it's going to run any faster though
like for
me yeah I just don't see the advantage
of using rust here
maybe there's some safety things or like
type checking type checking might be
nice to
have
uh
actually
H well see okay what I don't understand
okay so micro python is not python you
can't just use like
the like if we look
at the web server
code it doesn't let me do anything like
use a library that
um lets me parse URLs I have to like
manually split all these strings and
stuff like this or at least so GPT told
me I don't know if there's actually
another way to do it but it seems like
this is the way to to do it and if in
Rust I can just use whatever libraries
and the the hardware abstraction layer
knows how to compile that down I mean
that would be great because then you
could use libraries but I
don't right no standard no main see you
can't use just any
code but I do want to see blink working
I'm curious though
pins LED pin pins. led into Push Pull
output what's
pack pack
is Hardware what does pack stand
for peripherals take uhhuh I don't know
what the watch do clocks wow I mean you
really do get directly into I mean
what's nice about this is it really
unravels what's actually going
on and what you need to like control
this thing instead of hiding some of it
away from you so in that sense I really
think it's kind of
sweet um so yeah we're going to try this
and
then then we're going to just go back to
python probably and uh cuz I want to see
an example let's see rust Pi Pico w web
server let's see if anyone's done
this what you're looking at here is uh
the the Raspberry Pi 02w this is effec a
full fat s SPC single board computer
that can run a complete Linux desktop
it's just running on top of arm it is a
quad core 1 gz processor has 512 megab
of ram it is more than powerful to do a
lot of the stuff that you nor want to do
for any kind of like embedded projects
there's also the ability to run bare
metal stuff which means that you don't
run an operating system um things I saw
on I think was um Circle was one example
I try to find a bareal version of rust
that would run here but it wouldn't and
technically if you want to run like a
PHP python Ruben ra typ with the
database you still get plenty of all
that stuff available to you when you
build VM actually very close to the
performance that so completely overkill
for what I want to do which is be able
to use something that was completely um
low power usage but also um something
that doesn't need to be exactly that
powerful because this is beyond powerful
I'm going to show you why to be honest
and then right next to this is the
Rasberry Pi Pico W so it is a wireless
version for the Pico this is completely
different than the Raspberry Pi 02w in
that this is a microprocessor where else
this um is a full fat arm processor that
can run a traditional desktop Linux on
top of um there's there's a lot of
difference between these two but let me
just show you the Benchmark I did for
this kind the example these are not
being um the exact same benchmarks I can
kind of show you what that would look
like uh so let me just go ahead and uh
jump into it so first off the The
Benchmark I have here is based off rust
I am using rocket with sled so rocket is
a highperformance application is a
multi-core um one and it giv sled is a
key value database like red would be but
they're all both rust based and so
here's like an end point I have for
setting up to the database Auto I don't
think this is what I mean I'll keep
watching but I don't think this is what
I want to that example here you can see
that you know it's just Auto these are
all Atomic inserts and WR and everything
else is right through the actual disc uh
so there's nothing to worry about like
losing the data and stuff like that so
pretty cool in that regard and you get
the full featured um this uses about
like 30 to 40 megab and when I put it
the Full Tilt um you it goes about 60
megab right here you go ahead and see
that if I go ahead and run this which
basically this is JM J meter is a
benchmark tool just like a pat Benchmark
or hay or work um but you can set up
some couple things like make sure the
response has this in it um and you can
see each of the responses an aggregate
response okay oh like to
do support 5.0 gz um so it's slower but
you're still getting the same so there's
so much room to grow here in terms of
like building out a low L code base um
and even if you could get to bare metal
that would be even faster if it was
possible at least in rest okay so this
out of the picture here um the next one
I was testing on was a Pico and you can
still use rust but there's a lot more
limitations here uh first off you're
working with a microprocessor so you
can't run a full Linux distribution uh
you can't do dynamic memory allocation
at least Y see r that you can't do uh
and you have far far less Ram I think
it's like 16 megabytes of ram I could be
wrong um but it's super super low and uh
the code is very different so I can't
use rocket I can't use um uh sled
because it's all required the standard
Library you can't use the standard
library in writing to this and so here
um right this is some code here
unfortunately what I'm using is called
not unfortunately what I'm using is
called Embassy so if you look at my
cargo you see that have buch of stuff
attached to here the Wi-Fi module
assisting here um and they give me the
example TCP connection um I need to work
on that a little bit I'll explain a
little bit why but they don't have any
HTP server you can use so there's
nothing like rocket available that I
found at least so I was just starting to
write use the TP server and write a
simple HTP stack on top of it so Embassy
is probably just like a no
noed embedded
framework what does it do
okay I don't get
it okay well there is like
a and there's ESP and the thing is es
let's see uh ESP 32
Ram no way what the
[__] oh that's internal but what's the
yeah hold
on I just want to
see wow that's not very much memory
oh what two I thought there was more
than
that hold on I'll be right back
e
okay okay okay
okay okay so let's just try to get this
working because this is probably
installed
now um so let's go back to this
chat we're going to we're going to
do cargo generate
okay wow what the hell is all
this 300 files um
okay whatever I'm not going to get hung
up on that [__] so
yeah dot cargo
dot wait why is there a DOT
cargo I don't even see that
so you want to program your new
raspberry silicon microcontroller using
the rest program come to the right place
I don't know what this
means okay wait so let's
go okay so let's just read the RP
how
uh okay
okay so I shouldn't have this is too new
to really trust GPT
with
what the
[__] the hell is
this something else is holding a lock on
it is that true
can I try it
again okay that was just awkward um
if you're writing code that should work
on use the H crate if you're writing on
specific word use the
bsp crate which will include the H crate
for
you you have to pick
one board support pack okay
Pico there a Pico
W look at all these
boards okay well maybe we shouldn't
maybe we just going to get this thing to
freaking blink so we could just
use the H
crate so wait can I just getting started
this is the whole getting started that's
like the worst getting started ever oh
wait maybe we should just do this
okay how will it
know right let's look at the examples
there's got to be a blink
okay okay so let me just clone this
thing and try to run it
oops
um it is rust bro it is rust we're going
to try to get blink running I don't see
that it it does not seem like it's going
to be that easy to do the Wi-Fi
stuff yeah okay so I guess you missed
that I was looking into Embassy just a
minute ago because I was watching this
video where he used
Embassy and I guess he was able to get
it to
work which is pretty cool at first I I
want to take a like baby steps cuz I
don't want to go and include a bunch of
dependencies I just want to run a blink
example let's go um
okay so we're just going to try to run
blink so now we need to go CD
boards borads
boards uh what's in
there RP
Pico okay now we should be able to
do so what did it say oh wait did we do
this I don't think we did this yet we
want to install these tools
already
installed and then this probe RS
tools
um BR we got to ban these [__]
[__] how do you ban
ban for some reason I can't ban
yeah and also this
guy
okay eating candies what kind of candy
okay let's see
here damn this thing is crazy um okay
let's just keep
reading yeah I want to go to back to the
examples
probe RS is a library in a command line
tool which can flash a wide variety of
microcontrollers using a wide variety of
probes unlike using say open OCD probe
RS can autod detect your debug I don't
know what any of that means to be quite
honest let's go back
to this
what is going on
bro oh my print is done I can uh hold on
I'll be right back I I I just
finished my
print
e
e e
okay well I'm so
dumb so dumb
man when you uh when I fixed this thing
oh my God I'm so dumb I got to reprint
this
thing
uh um
okay um [__] let me just fix this and
start the print so what is this sketch
okay it's probably this
Extrusion wait no it's not the gear
cancel that it's probably this
then that's so [__] stupid we want
this to be
all no dude two object
here okay
all
right holy crap
do um okay save as mesh
okay
this
um what is it it's pictures
3D bone tracker V2 and it
is pitchburg
I could just drill into this
thing okay but let's at least update
this that means that we should update
the GitHub
too
um okay well
um see CU those only 1.5
mm so I don't know if I have a
bit
Roan what is that I want to look that
up I've never had this dude these look
gas I love wafer
snacks uh I don't know if Embassy has
its own um okay so let me just uh let me
just print this because I don't I I
would rather work on the rust thing than
go drill this right now so open up
bamboo prepare delete add dude do you
have a 3D printer oh man I I can't
recommend getting a 3D printer enough
it's the coolest [__]
ever okay now we can actually see that
the hole goes all the way through which
is nice
so a
slight
slice
print okay I actually need to order some
more plastic I I had the worst thing
happen to me which is um so I have this
thing called the
uh bamboo
AMS and one of the spools like you like
take the kilogram of plastic and you put
it on this these plastic things and you
slide it together and it like clamps in
well it came undone and I lost an entire
roll 20 bucks down the drain
sucks
um uh it is so fun to once you have one
and you like start modeling stuff you're
just like I'm never going back um okay
so let's try to get this H upu working I
can wait on this takes an
hour that's the thing is it does take a
while
um okay what is going on we are doing
this H thing and we're just trying to
run the blink
example uh
oh maybe we don't need them couldn't
find Visual
Studio oh anytime cmake is involved bro
anytime cmake is involved you know
you're headed for
disaster I don't think there's one
person in the world that's actually ever
built open
CV I think open CV is one of those scop
packages where everyone you know they
want to trick you into thinking that
open CV is actually code when in reality
it it's just like a sick
twisted way to like infuriate the the
masses who just want to do facial disc
detection and and computer vision but
there's no actual code in open CV it's
literally only build
scripts it's
like it's just a bunch of build scripts
that like time out and do they just
check for paths that don't exist and
then fail after two hours but don't
forget it also uses 100% CPU so yeah
whatever open CV is total garbage and
anyone that works on open CV should be
ashamed of themselves because I hate it
and seake by the
way
um okay so while I'm
like recovering from the
uh the horrors that is the fact that I
get a seake air when trying to build
rust stuff I'm going
to take a little break
and uh so these are the old parts so oh
wait but how am I going to get these am
I going to be able to get these oh nice
okay this is
old
yoink and
um let's see how are we going to be able
to we probably can just get this out of
here like this
nice
okay no you probably won't need to use
these really long bolts anymore because
I kind of messed up in designing this
thing yoink okay so the shorter one
put the nuts
in nut in you put it where the flats are
going down and what's great is that this
guy on YouTube on talls he has a great
section on Gears a video video series on
Gears and he tells you how to make the
Hub okay we need the M5
by 16
then we can replace
this
okay sorry assembly stuff is like kind
of boring
but it is
important it is very important okay so
now we should be able
to put this in without it colliding it
looks like it might Collide though even
still nope we're good can let's see if
you can see
that there is a little bit of space so
we're
good
okay so now we just take
this slot it
in here we
go and then and tighten it
down
okay first Hub in and now this this will
run much
smoother
oh oh you got to be kidding
me that is
insane anything that can go wrong will
go wrong you make the tiniest Little M
change 1 mm difference and now it's
hitting the bolts all right uh so I'm
just going to pull it
out a little
bit just going to pull it out a little
bit just like that much
now it should be good cool run
smoothly oh it's slipping a little bit
that's cuz we need this new Gear with
the new gear we should that should be
pretty minimized
yoink okay
fantastic now now we want to put the
flats again in here
okay it
started it
started and I forget why I changed this
one I think that the only thing about
this one is that it's a little bit
higher up
what what looks like a
saw oh the the top part yeah I could see
that yeah
yeah yeah it does kind of look like a
bit like a chopa or
something
um okay cool
okay all right so
um
um what the hell is going on we just
want to reassemble this and see if it
works any better
I'm going to tighten this down a little
bit
more all right maybe that's a little bit
better
okay just give me a second I know this
is boring as hell to
watch okay I think it's still going to
be broken because of this lip here it's
going to stall
it's so
flimsy H
[Music]
brutal
um well anyways let's uh let's just run
some the test
programs so we have this okay I want to
delete this because this is seems like
an out ofd thing and I don't want
that
um we want
XY we to
run
XY and then we want to turn this
on okay so it works
[Music]
all
right okay it's time to face my fears
and
battle steam make or whatever the hell
is going
on
um I have Visual Studio though
what God
bro okay wait wait wait no no I remember
what's going on that is not even
important it said that was just
recommended
um yeah you might find these helpful but
I don't actually
care
okay to use this crate your Tomo file
should contain this you should include
this crate if you're writing code
okay all right so this is this is the
only package you actually need so that's
really useful that's that's really
useful okay examples the compile an
example clone the repository then run
cargo build example Pico Blinky okay so
let's just do that you will get an elf
file where the target folders located at
the top of the board okay or top of the
repo normally you would also need to
specify that when building
examples but that is said as the default
if you want to convert an L file to uf2
and automatically copy it to the USB
drive
simply I don't know if with because the
thing is the Pico W and
the
Pico the LED is different so
I forget exactly what it
is if you want to convert the L file to
uf2 and automatically copy to USB simply
boot your board into bootloader mode and
run this so I
forget let's see okay so I I'm pretty
sure that if I go
into yeah so you don't see this but if I
unplug this then hold down boot cell and
then plug it back in now it's in
bootloader
mode so that's
good now I want to just
run I wanted to
run cr-f release example heco Blinky is
that what it's called
and then this is supposed to already I
don't know how it knows
which Port has the Pico on it though
you'll also need to copy the cargo
config file from the repo it specifies
the Target and optimizing Flags to the
Linker you also need to copy memory. X
your project rout this tells this file
tells the link wow The Flash and RAM
layout so won't clobber the bootloader
right an out wow that's really cool I
didn't know about this at all what do
these look like oh that's so
cool oh wait it sounds like it
worked the LED is not blinking
though my guess is that
I'm almost positive that it's
because the Pico
W has a different
right yeah okay see here here's the
answer the Pico what what is it called
the P the LED is no
longer right so this is okay should I
just ask an issue that would be maybe
useful um
okay I'm just going to I'm just going to
ask it seems like all of these issues
have uh Pico
W um running the Pico
Blinky P Pico example on a Pico
um I am new to the
Pico but I remember running into an
issue in
micropython
where the LED is no longer connected to
the R
rp240 so the blink examples for the base
PCO didn't work for
me uh I am
experiencing the same issue where
blink P Pico
Blinky uh compiles and uploads just
fine but doesn't turn on the LED I
um what do I need to
change
than for the
library okay should I just send this
[__] uh here's the here's the
um
uh reference
okay I'm just going to submit
this uh okay well so we attempted to do
it and we presumably we
actually did upload some
code to
this and it is running blink it just
doesn't know where the LED
is oh wait don't I just have to change
it to like 25 or something
see this is the sus part is unlike the
original Raspberry Pi Pico the onboard
LED on Pico W is not connected to a pin
on the rp240 but instead to a a general
purpose input output pin on the wireless
chip the microp python has been modified
micropython has been modified
accordingly this means you can now
do
yeah for
so yeah so this goes back
to right
okay um all right so we're going to then
go back to face detection and
control so we're going to close this
gave it an honest effort but alas did
not did not do too
well uh okay so let's upload
this what
oh you know what we should do I should
uh I should uh I should do
this
nice okay then I don't know if I can
wait I want to I want to close this and
reopen
it I think I need to flash it again I
don't think that this thing
actually
um right because it's not because it's
not so let me open up
thie and just
uh okay well if this thing found it
found comate that's so sick dude this is
so much better than thw all right so now
it's connected and we can run this
Perfect all right so we're back to
normal we are back to
normal
um okay so let's just remember the thing
is half a second half a second is
brutal especially
because especially because if the face
detection is
like 20 frames a second maybe 30 frames
a
second
yeah okay
why the hell isn't this
working
oh okay back to this
code it works but a
request takes
milliseconds the face detection that I
am going to use to
wirelessly control runs at
about 20 to 30
FPS
uh what
problems are going to arise and what is
the solution I mean we need to make this
faster I'm sure that
maybe it's finally time to try
to do uh this Ur
whatever
thing so that means that I need like a a
breakout like an a USB breakout type of
thing
oh that's a good ide see I was thinking
about that
batching them
okay
um wait let's just uh
what wait I didn't actually test if it
worked what do you mean path does not
start with control literally
does let's turn this
on it works but I don't know why it's
giving me this
what why is
it asking for the fabcon oh okay so
that's fine I wonder if that slows it
down at all
[Music]
okay
um let's just let's just get into
it okay
so we're back to where we were like an
hour ago or whatever close this close
this
no then where is Android Studio here it
is okay so wait I want to do a
um get
poll
okay
so
um so first off this is 80 so that means
that we need to go into that
stupid network security thing copy this
make this
80 and then
um right
okay let's just ask at something big and
then see if it's wrong
uh okay wait wait hold
on can you update this
code
um to work with this server code
I
I'm typically I don't think it I mean I
whatever
okay um
okay okay
okay I'm sort of fine with that is this
a full Recreation of this file
though I got
to I always have to do it in
um vs code because I I don't like
uh app Source Java cotland base detector
base detector proc insane it's totally
[__] crazy
okay so I'm down with
this I'm down with this let's
uh so uh I need uh I need a USBC
cable e
okay okay
okay I hate Android
development so
annoying
um wait where the where's their
red wait move motor
oh that's so stupid
does it float I don't actually know I
think if it's normalized it probably
is oh you got to do this
okay do I have to do self or can I just
do this
okay we should be good now but now why
isn't it detecting my phone
usually it just shows up I don't oh
wait there we
go for
dude how dude Android bro leave it to
Android it just take so long to build
and then what uh oh yeah wait we have
um
uh
oops okay so then
okay so we need to change that all
right I actually don't mind cotlin
kotlin's not the
worst wait let's see if we're getting
any oh the power's off but we should be
getting spammed with requests okay we
are holy [__] it's working
uh
okay wait um let's turn this off flatten
this okay let's go to oh [__] we have to
do this Jank
thing that's
fine okay then I want this I want to
I want that
um how do I
uh okay
sick it works it just works
you gotta be kind of
close it's getting my freaking belly
dude it's not fast
enough also the model is not very good
you really have to be so close
it's stuck on this stupid
warp
okay so
now wait can I can I get
um let's make this a little bit
bigger
can let me put a shirt on for the
clip all right so this is face
detection controlling a Raspberry Pi
[Laughter]
Pico oh wow okay so we we need to get
our allen wrench
okay so let's pause this turn this off
get our big allen wrench we need to
tighten because it's come loose
it's come very
loose so
um oh wait I don't want to show that I
don't want my notifications to be
shown okay
so this is that
no way this is coming loose
man yeah this is on there
I really want to do it with brushless DC
motors
now this lip is driving me
crazy maybe if I maybe if I increase the
delay
um okay wait let's just let's just start
it up
again oh
wait okay
I think it might be worth
[Laughter]
all right so that's enough of the demo
um all
right let's write the code for
uh let's write the
code for
um
m
oh wait uh what are the dimensions of
this thing again it's
like I closed
it uh
640 okay
I don't even know if that's
right wait that's not right
wait is steps to move a oh it is
okay so this is where we calculate the
um
I don't know if it's traditional to use
I don't know if it's common to uh
rotation angle
X why why oh wait is that true the field
of
view
wait no no no no no field of view needs
to be measured as two values
wait that's so silly
wait I see that pixel 6's front-facing
C cameras fov is what did it say
camera has a 84
degree but doesn't fov need to be me
measured in uh with two angles
are they
both oh
really
oh so that's not the plus it's 84 not 82
Okay so
we need to change
that
X
okay so that's good but what we need is
um
private Val no
VAR diagonal fov is equal to 84
so what we need to do now
is so if the resolution
is okay
so decompose into
that's so interesting I never
even a 4 to3 it's definitely not a 4
to3 okay well it says it is so I believe
it
okay horizontal F
of wait the horizontal fov should be
smaller than
the that doesn't make much sense s to me
cuz if you look at a selfie
camera okay okay the aspect ratio might
be 4 to3
but
um okay the aspect ratio is 4
to3 but the
okay uh let me
just um so when I look at my selfie cam
it does have 43 ratio but the
vertical is the four and horizontal is
the
three uh I
sort of
expected vertical to be the bigger fov
there why is it not I I don't want it to
just like believe me and
recalculate oh I guess it depends on
[Music]
oh
okay uh so yeah so this is this is for
portrait uh orientation
so uh so horizontal is going to be this
one
oh it has Type imprints I don't know why
I'm typing these
things wait wait wait did I switch this
up oh no that's right okay so now we
need to
change this 82 value to
be hor is izontal
fov vertical
fov this is this angle is based on the
control output which is dependent
on no it's not dependent on steps for
evolution
so okay
okay
um so this should be good oh wait we
need to change more code though because
move
Motors
uh you have normalized
ER and then I don't know if this
actually
accurate oh
wait
okay sick
okay let's turn it
on oh
yeah oh
yeah all right so let's uh turn this
off this right can you see
okay let's make this
big okay and let's turn this thing
on it works this thing is so [__]
cool oh wait Let's do let's do this so
you can really see
it turn it
off um
okay yes bro I am so sick oh [__]
let's
go the face detection is now the worst
part about this besides the
jerkiness hell
yeah
okay oh my God
okay so I don't even know I guess the
the only next thing really to do is to
um redesign this to use bearings and
then redesign this to use brushless DC
motors but and then maybe uh use pcbs
design a
PCB
um right I guess we want to do this
okay yeah so why don't
we get that working
is
um is that 5 volts regulator thing
I kind of want a normal 5vt regulator is
that it's kind of wasteful but that one
is so
big
um whatever let's just do it because
then we can
have we can because then we can do this
where we can
disconnect this micro USB and put the
breadboard under the under the casing so
that there's no wires all right I'm down
to do that so I'm just going to go get
the 5 volts regulator and solder it off
stream I
guess um I need to look up the data
sheet for it because I
forgot
um dude this is so
sick e
this thing is so
badass okay let me solder this
thing and then we're going to put it on
the
breadboard it's going to take 19 volts
make it five we're going to measure it
with the voltmeter so I need a
voltmeter and
then plug that into the Pico where's my
Pico
Pino probably
this so it's probably V CIS or something
and then as long as I put
five volts in
there we should be
good I would like to design a PCB I
think that would be
fun I haven't used Kat in so
long plus I've never gotten them
made so I feel like it would be fun to
do that all right stop [__] around
let's do this
thing e
yeah
e e
e
okay okay okay
the really annoying
thing about these voltage Regulators is
that they make the ground pin just the
entire metal casing of it which is like
so weird to me
um but
whatever
okay so
this it's grounded oh I forgot my
voltmeter I wanted to test it while it's
in the breadboard so I forgot
the
e okay on that
side so we're good we just
want down 50 okay so um
so let's give it
uh some
juice
okay and then um
now we just need a big long wire and
then we want to know what pin it goes to
so I'm transitioning from powering my Pi
Pico with
USB instead I have 5
volts but I don't know what pin to put
it to on the Pico W pin out I see V VBS
and V
sis the sis
oh oh that's actually so useful I didn't
know that yes you could use
vbus uh but you just can't draw that
much current okay anyways so we want to
put this to V CIS
so will anything go wrong if I have V
CIS and USB plugged in
together okay sick so then let's just
make a big
cable that
that is definitely long enough that's
too
long
okay all right so pin 50 and then
V
oops CIS is which
one
39 okay so all I want to do is run blink
so
um here we go p w
blink so I just want to run
this okay so it's
blinking now I'm going to turn on
this and then I'm going to
unplug
this and it is still
blinking okay
sweet that's awesome all right so now
I'm going to plug this back
in and I'm going to turn on the web
server okay and now I'm going to unplug
it
and I am going to go to this
URL oh and it
works okay so I go to this
URL and there's nothing plugged into it
so I could actually do
this and I've been wanting to do this
for so
long so
now
oops there is this cable that's going
under which actually I guess we need to
pull out for Slack
but the breadboard is totally under
[Music]
it that is so cool
all right another thing off the
checklist done so I am going to do this
turn this
off uh and then I need to
um go to my read me let's see um
um
yeah so this
is
that this is not done Mount Pico and
Driver to bottom
plate use a belt Bill materials that's
sort of
done just going to keep bothering
me that's so lame
honestly we could just turn off
notifications um
okay cool uh two
dos and a script to time latency
of web
server okay and then in
here oh wait we have this open
here
um uh add
pitch
control also correct field of view
to
calculations add pitch
control use new web
server uh
uh
uh query prams also cig fov C what else
is there in
here look at the
de oh what is all
this at least we don't need that
okay
nice uh what else do I even need to do
man
oh yeah no I want to go get my part off
the print bed and we're going to
reassemble this and fix this
gear I don't know man well I guess we
will'll have to shift it yeah that
way this might this might not go all too
I think it might hit the the bolts
again e
hey um
okayy for
yoink for
oh but this will scratch the phone you
can't do
that yeah I was trying to see if I could
um yeah but you don't want that I could
maybe just
like do it this
way I there's no play I'll just do it
like this so it's
it's so bad at these tiny screws
okay there we
go once you get it started it's all easy
okay
oh yeah the eccentricity issue is a lot
better the problem is I do need to
reduce that
uh yeah that's brutal
let me just make that change really
quick
yoke we're looking at phone holder and
we
have that Extrusion we can make that
longer
then this Extrusion no yeah this
Extrusion
okay pretty good
all right I feel like that's it
all right that's the stream that's it I
don't know even what else I can do right
now
[Laughter]
yeah you can get this to run pretty fast
for
[Music]
all
right peace